docs(libraries): init docs for slate sub-libraries (#3645)
ianstormtaylor/slate: docs/libraries/slate-history.md

# Slate History

> This sub-library contains the core logic of Slate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sub-library tracks changes to the Slate value state over time, and enables undo and redo functionality.
```

Author: Ah good catch! Thanks!
